Keto Month Journal

Research
Plan was originally to do a fast to start off quickly, but I am a bit worried about possibly getting low on something so I'd rather just eat less for the first couple days and see how it goes. 
After doing some reasearch, I focused on the following ordered prioritization list. Checking off any item is good, but the higher up the item the better it is to check it off. Foods should ideally match as many top-to bottom as possible. 

1) Very low non-fibre carbs as low as possible.
2) High potassium, calcium, sodium, magnesium
3) Tasty
4) High omega fats
5) High protein
6) High unsaturated fats
7) Low saturated fats 

Ideally, all foods I eat match all 1-6, but in reality, as long as everything matches #1 then it should be possible for me to get into keytosis.
Based on this list, my own green-yellow-red bins are as follows:

Green(Foundational foods. Will end up eating the most of these.)
Spinach
Kale
Flaxseed
Avocado
Eggs
Olives
Almond Milk
Cheesestrings
Cheese
Fish
Chicken
Cream Cheese
Oysters
Coconut Oil

Yellow(Will eat these to add variety)
Raspberries
Peppers
Onion
Pickles
Beef
Broccili
Caesar dressing
Mayo
Mustard
Bone marrow

Orange(Will eat these if they work in a particular dish, but quantity should be very limited)
Tomato
Strawberries
Garcic
Greek Yogurt
Milk
Sweetener
Whatever whole seed mustard is in my fridge

I already knew how good avocados, spinach, fish, eggs, coconut oil, and chicken were, but in my reasearch I did discover a few other big winners for my keto diet and tastes.
The big winners were olives and cheese strings. These were not at all part of my usual diet, but fit great in a keto diet. Both are very tasty, high in sodium, and low carb. Cheesestrings are high in calcium, and olives are low in saturated fats.
Cream cheese and almond milk were also pretty great discoveries for taste and low carb. I also used to eat a lot of flaxseed before so was pleasantly surprised how well it did on potassium and magnesium.


Red(Nope)
Everything else


Before the Flu


Flu 


Post-Flu

